Update live_activities.md (#10047)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/live_notifications/live_activities.md

See our [`/messages/live_activity/update` endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/api/endpoints/messaging/live_activity/update) article for full details.

> ## Tracking Live Activities

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tracking Live Activities

```

> Live Activity events are available in Currents. These Currents events enable you to better understand and monitor the lifecycle of your Live Activities, track token availability, and independently diagnose issues or verify delivery statuses. Here are the events that are available in Currents:

Author: @lydia-xie the Live Activity events are both customer behavior events and message engagement events, so we can't link to one single place. Should we link each event separately, or just once to the Currents landing page?

> Live Activity events are available in Currents. These Currents events enable you to better understand and monitor the lifecycle of your Live Activities, track token availability, and independently diagnose issues or verify delivery statuses. Here are the events that are available in Currents:

Reviewer: I can link to each event separately! 👀

> Live Activity events are available in Currents. These Currents events enable you to better understand and monitor the lifecycle of your Live Activities, track token availability, and independently diagnose issues or verify delivery statuses. Here are the events that are available in Currents:

Reviewer: 🤔 Just dug around the docs, and it appears we list it all out separately:

Examples

"User merges won't be reflected for the Messaging History tab, Segment Extensions, Query Builder, and Currents."
"This impacts any Sendgrid customer using Currents, Query Builder, SQL Extension, Snowflake Data Sharing, or our Transactional Email product."

> Live Activity events are available in Currents. These Currents events enable you to better understand and monitor the lifecycle of your Live Activities, track token availability, and independently diagnose issues or verify delivery statuses. Here are the events that are available in Currents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Live Activity events are available in Currents, Snowflake Data Sharing, and Query Builder. The following Currents events can help you understand and monitor the lifecycle of your Live Activities, track token availability, and independently diagnose issues or verify delivery statuses.
```

> - **PushToStartTokenChange:** Captures when a push-to-start (PTS) token is added or updated in Braze, enabling you to track token registrations and availability per user.
> - **UpdateTokenChange:** Tracks the addition, update, or removal of Live Activity Update (LAU) tokens.
> - **Send:** Logs each time a Live Activity is started, updated, or ended by Braze.
> - **Outcome:** Indicates the final delivery status to Apple Push Notification service (APNs) for every Live Activity sent from Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Live Activity Push To Start Token Change]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/braze_currents/event_glossary/customer_behavior_events/#live-activity-push-to-start-token-change-events): Captures when a push-to-start (PTS) token is added or updated in Braze, enabling you to track token registrations and availability per user.
- [Live Activity Update Token Change]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/braze_currents/event_glossary/customer_behavior_events#live-activity-update-token-change-events): Tracks the addition, update, or removal of Live Activity Update (LAU) tokens.
- [Live Activity Send]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/braze_currents/event_glossary/message_engagement_events/#live-activity-send-events): Logs each time a Live Activity is started, updated, or ended by Braze.
- [Live Activity Outcome]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/data/braze_currents/event_glossary/message_engagement_events#live-activity-outcome-events): Indicates the final delivery status to Apple Push Notification service (APNs) for every Live Activity sent from Braze.
```
